have money
Officials still have officials
I urge you to add
Do it yourself
Chairperson Yang Chairperson Yang
Ouch, my 10 million quota just didn't come up
Yes, more than just lost the contract
He also provoked President Liang
Good to go
Go on a date and stop for me today
Tell me if you are sincere
land of wealth
I can give you
Naturally you can do whatever you want
You only knew your father through Minister Liang
This kind of Dafa
Minister Liang can sell you a personal sticker.
Can I sell you a second time?
Qi Tian, stop putting gold on your face
It seems that all the achievements of our Tian family are given by you.
Right?
Sister, don't worry.
We must make them pay
Miss Yuan
We can also provide a 10 million purchase contract below.
Oh, really?
Your previous child was just a small tree.
Pour first
Don't turn
Miss Yi, thank you for conducting for me
But we are not suitable
Then I'll give you two options.
If you do either one
I won't pester you
OK
Option one, tell me who you really are.
Can make the president of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce respect you
Your true identity is definitely not simple
This really doesn't work.
that